README.md, before:

# SCPC Website

Official website for Sydney Competitive Programming Club at University of Sydney.

## 🚀 About

The Sydney Competitive Programming Club (SCPC) is a community of students at the University of Sydney passionate about competitive programming, algorithmic problem-solving, and preparing for contests like ICPC.


## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **React 19.1** with TypeScript
- **Create React App** for development and build
- **React Router DOM** for navigation

## 🏃‍♂️ Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/sydney-competitive-programming-club/website.git
cd website
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm start
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## 📝 Available Scripts

- `npm start` - Runs the app in development mode
- `npm test` - Launches the test runner
- `npm run build` - Builds the app for production
- `npm run eject` - Ejects from Create React App (one-way operation)

## 🌐 Deployment

The website is automatically deployed using GitHub Pages when changes are pushed to the main branch.

**Live URL:** [https://sydney-competitive-programming-club.github.io/website/](https://sydney-competitive-programming-club.github.io/website/)

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📞 Connect With Us

- **Discord:** [Join our server](https://discord.gg/uhZbmVcpS7)
- **Instagram:** [@scpc_usyd](https://www.instagram.com/scpc_usyd/)
- **Email:** contact@scpc.org.au

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

EOF < /dev/null

Commit message:

Refactor footer and header components; update navigation links and add mobile menu close functionality
Remove TestResultViewer component and associated styles; eliminate unused API hooks and services

Update main application routes; replace Events and Challenges with Gym component

Delete obsolete API service and challenge service; remove mock service and related types

README.md, after:

# SCPC Website

Official website for Sydney Competitive Programming Club at University of Sydney.

## 🚀 About

The Sydney Competitive Programming Club (SCPC) is a community of students at the University of Sydney passionate about competitive programming, algorithmic problem-solving, and preparing for contests like ICPC. The site now focuses on being a clean entry point with quick links out to our external platforms (Instagram for events, Discord for community chat) and a single in-house “Gym” page that curates the practice ladders everyone can work through together.


## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **React 19.1** with TypeScript
- **Create React App** for development and build
- **React Router DOM** for navigation

## 🏃‍♂️ Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/sydney-competitive-programming-club/website.git
cd website
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm start
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## 📝 Available Scripts

- `npm start` - Runs the app in development mode
- `npm test` - Launches the test runner
- `npm run build` - Builds the app for production
- `npm run eject` - Ejects from Create React App (one-way operation)

## 🌐 Deployment

The website is automatically deployed using GitHub Pages when changes are pushed to the main branch.

**Live URL:** [https://sydney-competitive-programming-club.github.io/website/](https://sydney-competitive-programming-club.github.io/website/)

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📞 Connect With Us

- **Discord:** [Join our server](https://discord.gg/uhZbmVcpS7)
- **Instagram:** [@scpc_usyd](https://www.instagram.com/scpc_usyd/)
- **Email:** contact@scpc.org.au

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

EOF < /dev/null
